Allow packages with multiple build-systems (separate classes) (#30738)
LLNL/spack: lib/spack/docs/build_systems/sconspackage.rst

   $ scons install

> To facilitate this, the ``SConsBuilder`` and ``SconsPackage`` base class provides the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To facilitate this, the ``SConsBuilder`` and ``SConsPackage`` base classes provide the
```
